docs: add override-overlay (#1473)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/reference/changelog.rst

  :ref:`craft_parts_npm_plugin`.
- Circular dependency errors now show the actual part processing order,
  making it easier to identify and fix dependency cycles in complex projects.

> - Add support for the ``override-overlay`` part keyword, which runs a script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for the ``override-overlay`` key, which runs a script
```
